PR: Fix Online help docs (#125)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/onlinehelp.rst

###########
Online Help
###########

> The **Online Help** pane provides a built-in web browser to explore dynamically generated Python documentation on installed modules—including your own—rendered by a ``pydoc`` server running in the background.

Reviewer: I think we should include a link to the Pydoc module in Python standard library documentation. Otherwise, I think this sentence

> rendered by a ``pydoc`` server running in the background.

says very little to people.

Author: Will do.
https://docs.python.org/3/library/pydoc.html

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane on the index page, a list of builtin modules

|

=====================
Using the Online Help
=====================

The Online Help's home shows an index where you can browse the documentation of standard library modules, third party packages installed in your Python environment, and your own local code.
Click on the name of any module to open its documentation. 

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-browse.gif
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing module browsing

|

Enter the name of the item you'd like help on in the :guilabel:`Package` field to load its documentation directly.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-name.gif
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing module browsing by name

|

The module's file location is linked to the right of the doc's title, which you can click to view its source code.

> Standard library modules also have a link to the corresponding Python.org docs, which can be viewed right inside of the pane.

Reviewer: Add a link to `Python.org docs` so users can click on it. Else it's unclear what docs you talking about.

Author: Will do.
https://docs.python.org/

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-path.gif
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing source code clicking module's path

|

If you're not sure of the name of the object you want help on, or are looking for a specific keyword, use the :guilabel:`Search` field to get a list of results.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-search.gif
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing search of a keyword

|

> Links above the search bar provide an index of topics with general help and a list of Python keywords linked to their corresponding docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links above the search field provide an index of topics with general help and a list of Python keywords linked to their corresponding docs.
```

Just for consistency with the text above (I was confused by the difference between `field` and `bar`).

Reviewer: Also, it'd nice to have below a simple screenshot showing the result of `Topics`.

Author: Will do

=============
Toolbar items
=============

> Just like in a web browser, the forward and back buttons (top left, left and right arrows) move through the pages you have visited, and the home button (house icon, top left) returns you to the module index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like in a web browser, the forward and back buttons (left and right arrows on top) move through the pages you have visited, and the home button (house icon) returns you to the module index.
```

I think there's no need to be so specific about the placement of those icons given that

* They are only ones of its kind in the pane.
* They are quite easy to spot in the gif below.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-navigation.gif
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing navigation with arrows

|

> Perform a realtime search within a page's content with the :guilabel:`Find` button (magnifying glass icon top left) or :kbd:`Ctrl-F`, navigate through matches with the Up and Down buttons, and make matching case sensitive with the :guilabel:`Aa` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform a realtime search within a page's content with the :guilabel:`Find` button (magnifying glass icon) or :kbd:`Ctrl-F`, navigate through matches with the Up and Down buttons, and make matching case sensitive with the :guilabel:`Aa` button.
```

Remove where the icon is, because it's easily spotted from the gif below.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-find.gif
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing finding a word on a module

|

> You can view and re-run previous searches from the drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Package field`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view and re-run previous searches from the drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Package` field.
```

Small rst correction.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-history.png
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing previous searches

|

> You can use the zoom in/out buttons (:guilabel:`-` and :guilabel:`+`, top right) to change the font size to suit your preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the zoom in/out buttons (:guilabel:`-` and :guilabel:`+`) to change the font size to suit your preferences.
```

The previous sentence starts with `You can` too.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-zoom.gif
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing changing the font

|

> To cancel searching or page loading, click the stop button (red :guilabel:`X`, top right), and to reload the page (such as when you change your own package's documentation), press the refresh button (circular arrow, top right).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cancel searching or page loading, click the stop button (red square), and to reload the page (such as when you change your own package's documentation), press the refresh button (circular arrow).
```

###########
Online Help
###########

The **Online Help** pane provides a built-in web browser to explore dynamically generated Python documentation on installed modules—including your own—rendered by a ``pydoc`` server running in the background.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane on the index page, a list of builtin modules

|

=====================
Using the Online Help
=====================

The Online Help's home, shows an index where you can browse between built-in modules, your installed anaconda packages or other site-packages corresponding to your Python installation.
Click on the name of any module to open its documentation. 

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-browse.gif

Reviewer: Agreed.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-browse.gif

Author: Redoing it

   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing module browsing

|

Enter the name of the item you'd like documentation on in the :guilabel:`Module or package` field, or the :guilabel:`Get` field, to load its doc directly.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-name.gif

Reviewer: This one is fine for me. I think we should leave it as it is.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-name.gif

Author: Not changing it

   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing module browsing by name

|

Next to the title of the package, you will see the path of the location where the package was installed in your computer. 
Click the path to see the page source code.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-path.gif

Author: Agreed. Will add a gif for this separately.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-path.gif

Reviewer: > Agreed. Will add a gif for this separately

Thanks! That would be a really nice addition.

> but its super strange that the documentation is in a monospaced (plain text) font, yet the source code is in a serif (rich text) font when it should be the opposite.

Please open an issue about it (I hadn't noticed this problem).

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-path.gif

Author: Will wait until the issue is fixed

   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing source code clicking module's path

|

If you're not sure of the name of the object you want help on, or are looking for a specific keyword, use the :guilabel:`Search` field to get a list of results.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-search.gif

Reviewer: Agreed.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-search.gif

Author: Will do.

   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing search of a keyword

|

The Online Help also provides an index of topics that might be useful for your search and an index of keywords corresponding to reserved words in Python.

===============
Toolbar Options
===============

You navigate previous pages with the forward and back buttons (top left, left and right arrows), and go back to the homepage with the home button (house icon top left) or the ``Module Index`` link top right.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-navigation.gif

Reviewer: Agreed.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-navigation.gif

Author: Redoing it.

   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing navigation with arrows

|

Perform a realtime search within a page's content with the :guilabel:`Find` button (magnifying glass icon top left) or :kbd:`Ctrl-F`, navigate through matches with the Up and Down buttons, and make matching case sensitive with the :guilabel:`Aa` button.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-find.gif

Reviewer: I don't agree. I think it's clear enough what that button does.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-find.gif

Author: Redoing it with word "Data".

   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing finding a word on a module

|

You can view and re-run previous searches with the drop-down menu or the :kbd:`Down Arrow` key in the :guilabel:`Module or package field`.

.. image:: images/online_help/online-help-history.png
   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing previous searches

|

You can use the zoom in/out buttons (:guilabel:`-` and :guilabel:`+`, top right), to change the font size to suit your preferences.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-zoom.gif

Reviewer: Agreed.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-zoom.gif

Author: Redoing it.

   :alt: Spyder Online Help pane showing changing the font

|

> Finally, to cancel searching or page loading, click the stop button (red :guilabel:`X`, top right) and to reload the help content you're seeing to the most current version on disk (such as when you change your package's documentation), hit the refresh button (circular arrows, top right).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To cancel searching or page loading, click the stop button (red :guilabel:`X`, top right), and to reload the page (such as when you change your own package's documentation), press the refresh button (circular arrows, top right).
```

My sentence here is way too long and complicated, as you've pointed out for me before, so I've simplified it.

> .. image:: images/online_help/online-help-stop.gif

Reviewer 2: I really don't think this needs a GIF, just like we agreed on for the stop button in the Profiler pane; its just clicking one button.

Author: I was going to include stop and refresh on the same gif but as I explained in our meeting refresh is broken.
Will remove gif then.

Reviewer: I was about to suggest the same, i.e. showing stopping and reloading content. In that case the gif is justified.

Author: Redoing it with stopping and reloading
